okay today I'm going to be making a
Waldorf salad now I find salads quite
boring really so this is brilliant
because it's got things like grapes and
apples in which make it a really
refreshing change for a salad so start
off with your letter to make sure it's
thoroughly washed onto the top and then
just slice it into chunks
okay so we have the lettuce and we just
need to add in our celery and red grapes
now again wash your celery onto the top
I'm just using one here and then just
slice that into trucks as well as
mentioned it if you feel like you need
any more of this any more of anything
just you know add it in as desired I
love red grapes so I'm going to be
putting quite a few of these in as well
and I also like to just chop them in
half as well and the next is to get an
apple now I usually put between half an
apple and a whole Apple in depending on
how much lettuce Heusen I'm going to use
a whole one here
some people like it's be sliced white
thinly but I like it cut into chunks so
I'll probably divide it up into eight
ten pieces and then cut it into chunks
like so just making sure there's no hips
going in as well
so another thing that makes a ward off
side of Waldorf salad is the walnuts so
you'd probably want about 150 grams
maybe in this bowl of salad
so just sprinkle those in as well and
then just a drizzle of oil as well and
to combine everything together you want
to get yourself some mayonnaise and then
just start mixing everything together
and depending on how much you have you
might just want to wash your hands and
get your hands in there too zip
now probably gonna add a few more grapes
in there and possibly another Apple as
well then once you're happy with the
quantities of everything you've got in
the salad just make sure everything
sorry combined and the mayonnaise is
kind of sticking everything together as
I said add more anything you want
obviously it's your own preference but
um once you mix it all together
it's then ready to serve
you